[Music]
friends it's your buddy tactical back
with a kick-ass folder the oh-so-sweet
you're just scared of that name ain't
you no I'm just kidding that's probably
the dumbest freakin name they coulda
came up though but yeah there it is
Kershaw overall length is 7 and 3/8
inches blade length is 3 and 1/2 inch
it's got a drop point partial hollow
grind the handle is a gr n which is kind
I hate gr and tell the truth but yep
there it is no it's a flipper and it is
assisted there's no other ways to open
it just the flipper
I don't mind necks I'd like flippers
anyways but 4.2 ounces the retail is 40
bucks and you can usually find it for
around low 20s 24 I actually spent too
much on this because I didn't get it off
the internet I bought it from a store
when I was out shop and I paid too much
I paid like 30 bucks or something stupid
for this there's your little pocket clip
now this is only for the right side
carry either tip up or tip down nothing
for the lefties sorry about that little
lanyard hole now that hole is pretty
small I wouldn't imagine really getting
550 through that that'd be tough not
that I put freaking lanyards on folders
anyways but it's there liner lock lock
lock ups pretty early it deploys very
fast I'll give it that handle shape yeah
it's it's pretty good it's pretty good
you know there's a little bit of a ramp
but there's no jumping or Nothing
semi-open construction spacer thing
going on right there
now the texturing is yeah it's there
that's about it nothing for your thumb
really a little bit of a finger choil
that does hold you and that's one thing
I like about flippers
you know they act as like a finger choil
as soon as you flip it around it's right
there to help you from going forward now
the handle is kind of small out of this
I wear like a regular large
and my hand you know it's almost like
coming off the end of that it does work
you know and for little daily tasks it
probably cool so let's try this thing
out a little bit
your motherfucker don't make me stab you
with mine
oh so sweet yeah it's not very
intimidating but let's try the initial
sharpness I don't know if this is gonna
work cuz there's a beat-up piece of
paper I'd had my backpack hey we'll try
it right
hey all right I say yeah that's it no
this oh yeah
it's pretty sharp he's got to work out
my people cutting skills it's doing it I
got a big mess to pick up that's okay so
initial sharpness is pretty good and the
tip feels pretty pointy let's try this
thing out on some wood next we'll try a
little bit of whittling see how that
goes that's like I said it seemed pretty
damn sharp oh yeah Wow actually that's
flying right in there I know you know
most of time little folders ain't meant
for bushcraft crab but I say why not
yeah I know you just have a fold or a
fixed blade instead but boulders are
nice to have and I always got one on me
anyways or couple three for whatever
it's doing the job pretty damn well a
little bit bigger piece some nice
control push cuts and that works well
and it's sharp everywhere on the blade
so it's pretty consistent at least nice
next we'll do some stab and see how that
goes some hammer stabs now I'm not gonna
full-blown test a little folder you know
I have baton folders before but you know
I'm not out here to just direct my
collection either I don't mind using it
and trying it out but just wrecking it
for you know I ain't got it like that so
wow steps pretty decent for a little guy
see if this choil hurts at all or the
handle
this is probably the most you know
grueling thing you're gonna do with a
fold you know handle lies how it's gonna
feel
stabbing your put a lot of force and you
know you're coming to a dead stop unless
you're stepping flesh but yeah stabbing
in well does hurt a little bit that
choil on my pinky swear my hand is does
hurt there a little bit try a couple
thrusts next see if this hurts I have a
feeling that choice get hurt and a
thrust every time I do that to I feel my
thumb sliding up since there's no
traction
yeah the toy hurts a little not that bad
if I keep doing it well but that being
so smooth the top of it my thumb just
keeps sliding forward so that could be
bad the toil is there to stop you but
it'd be nice for this to have traction -
instead of totally smooth like that
now I know this really ain't get to work
but I'm gonna just try chopping at it a
little bit to see if it does anything
test a little bit of the durability -
from the shock of hitting it check out
the old lock off and stuff see if
anything happened lock ups about the
same looks the same to me anyways
deploys good still no wiggle side to
side up and down that's cool oh so sweet
you think I forgot to mention the steel
HCR 13 mov so it's higher up on that
Chinese scale would I recommend this
little knife I'd say well it depends
what you want it for and how much you
want to spend for what I spent on it
thirty bucks
no I'm definitely not there's cooler for
sure for thirty bucks 20 bucks yeah
pretty much
I wouldn't carry this for a defensive
knife just testing it stabbing and stuff
and how much my hands
lit around on it and how small it is I
don't doesn't feel like I have a really
good purchase on it and it's just kind
of slippery and stuff so for deep
defensive I'd say no for just regular
crafts like Oh cutting cardboard opening
boxes doing little stuff whittling
sticks it weren't good for that I'd say
yeah but for what's out there in the
price range I'd say I recommend it but I
don't you know what I'm saying I don't
know that doesn't make any sense right
I'm what I'm trying to say is it's not a
bad knife but if I knew what I knew now
I wouldn't have bought it so take it for
what it's worth there you go
read it one to ten I'd give it like a
four and a half four and three quarters
it's okay but you know it's not as cool
as I thought it was when I first bought
it but hey it's just my own honest
opinion thanks for stopping by checking
out this quick little test vid and until
the next time we meet